feat(vercel): `includeFiles` and `excludeFiles` (#5085)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/vercel/README.md

## Configuration

To configure this adapter, pass an object to the `vercel()` function call in `astro.config.mjs`:

### includeFiles

> **Type:** `string[]`
> **Available for:** Edge, Serverless

> You can force files to be bundled with your function in case something's missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to force files to be bundled with your function. This is helpful when you notice missing files.
```

```js
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import vercel from '@astrojs/vercel/serverless';

export default defineConfig({
  output: 'server',
  adapter: vercel({
    includeFiles: ['./my-data.json']
  })
});
```

> **Note**
> When building for the Edge, all the depencies get bundled in a single file to save space. **No extra file will be bundled**. So, if you _need_ some file inside the function, you have to specify it in `includeFiles`.

### excludeFiles

> **Type:** `string[]`
> **Available for:** Serverless

> There might be some files that are being picked up by the bundled that should be there. You can exclude them with this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to exclude any files from the bundling process that would otherwise be included.
```
